{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red2\green128\blue9;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c784\c50196\c3529;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c84706;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17100\viewh17460\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Overview\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf0 This program uses the BFGS method to fit diffusion data, assuming a single temperature-independent eigenvector matrix [Q] and three sets of eigenvalues at three different temperatures. 
\f2 \cf2 In addition, to account for uncertainties in the determination of interface positions, we treated the interface positions, as additional fitting parameters\'97a single \'a0for each diffusion couple experiment.
\f1  \cf0 The diffusion data used for fitting come from diffusion couple experiments from 
\f2 \cf3 Guo and Zhang, 2018, 2020
\f1 \cf0  and one conducted in this work. The diffusion data are divided into three categories based on the experimental temperature. At each temperature, there are three Excel files: the measured diffusion profiles, boundary conditions, and 1-\uc0\u963  errors on the measured concentrations. For example:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\'93\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1260_RealData_8Comp.xlsx\'94
\f1  contains all measured diffusion profiles at 1260 \uc0\u8451 .\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\'93\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1260_RealBoundary_8Comp.xlsx\'94
\f1  contains the melt compositions in the far fields for all experiments at 1260 \uc0\u8451 .\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\'93\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1260_RealError_8Comp.xlsx\'94
\f1  contains the 1-\uc0\u963  errors on measured oxide concentrations for all experiments at 1260 \u8451 .
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 How to Use the Program\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf0 There are four MATLAB codes in this folder:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\'93\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
BFGS_main.m\'94
\f1  (main program)\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\'93\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
calculate_J.m\'94
\f1  (subroutine)\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\'93\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
calculate_J7.m\'94
\f1  (subroutine)\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\'93\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
con.m\'94
\f1  (subroutine)\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The main program, 
\f3 \'94BFGS_main.m\'94
\f1 , reads the initial guess of the natural log of eigenvalues and eigenvector matrix from the Excel file 
\f3 \'94Initial_beta.xlsx\'94
\f1 . The initial guess is arranged in a 10\'d77 matrix, with:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The first three rows being the natural log of eigenvalues at three different temperatures (1260\uc0\u8451 , 1350\u8451 , and 1500\u8451 ).\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The last seven rows being the eigenvector matrix.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The eigenvalues are in \uc0\u956 m\'b2/s, and the elements in the eigenvector matrix are scalars. The 
\f3 \'94Initial_beta.xlsx\'94
\f1  file can be modified to any values the user would like, as long as the eigenvector matrix is invertible.\
After the main program ends, users can check the optimized eigenvalues and eigenvector matrix via the variable 
\f3 \'93\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 trans_beta\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'94
\f1 , and their 1-\uc0\u963  errors via the variable 
\f3 \'94\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 error_trans_beta\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'94
\f1 . The fitted interface positions and their 1-\uc0\u963  errors are stored in variables 
\f3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \'94\cf4 X0\cf0 \'94
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 and 
\f3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \'94\cf4 error_X0\cf0 \'94
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
, respectively. Note that the program does not produce any output files. The two files 
\f3 \'94optimized_beta(excluding BS7&8C).xlsx\'94
\f1  and 
\f3 \'94optimized_beta(including BS7&8C).xlsx\'94
\f1  were created by the authors and contains the optimized natural log of eigenvalues, eigenvector matrix and interface positions on the author's computer. Users can compare their fitting results with those in the two excel files.\
For more details about the program, refer to the notes within each code file.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs22 \cf5 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\

\fs48 \
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 \
}